# ClusterDasVmSettingsRestartPriorityEnum

The *ClusterDasVmSettingsRestartPriority_enum* enum defines virtual machine restart priority values to resolve resource contention.  The priority determines the preference that HA gives to a virtual machine if sufficient capacity is not available to power on all failed virtual machines. For example, high priority virtual machines on a host get preference over low priority virtual machines.  All priority values are valid for the restart priority specified in a single virtual machine HA configuration (*ClusterDasVmConfigInfo.dasSettings*). All values except for <code>clusterRestartPriority</code> are valid for the cluster-wide default HA configuration for virtual machines (*ClusterDasConfigInfo.defaultVmSettings*).  Possible values: - `disabled`: vSphere HA is disabled for this virtual machine. - `lowest`: Virtual machines with this priority have the lowest chance of   powering on after a failure if there is insufficient capacity on   hosts to meet all virtual machine needs.      ***Since:*** vSphere API 6.5 - `low`: Virtual machines with this priority have a lower chance of powering   on after a failure if there is insufficient capacity on hosts to meet   all virtual machine needs. - `medium`: Virtual machines with this priority have an intermediate chance of   powering on after a failure if there is insufficient capacity on   hosts to meet all virtual machine needs. - `high`: Virtual machines with this priority have a higher chance of powering   on after a failure if there is insufficient capacity on hosts to meet   all virtual machine needs. - `highest`: Virtual machines with this priority have the highest chance of   powering on after a failure if there is insufficient capacity on   hosts to meet all virtual machine needs.      ***Since:*** vSphere API 6.5 - `clusterRestartPriority`: Virtual machines with this priority use the default restart   priority defined for the cluster that contains this virtual machine.    ***Since:*** VI API 2.5 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


