# HostVirtualNicManagerNicTypeEnum

Possible values: - `vmotion`: The VirtualNic is used for VMotion. - `faultToleranceLogging`: The VirtualNic is used for Fault Tolerance logging. - `vSphereReplication`: The VirtualNic is used for vSphere Replication LWD traffic   (i.e From the primary host to the VR server).      ***Since:*** vSphere API 5.1 - `vSphereReplicationNFC`: The VirtualNic is used for vSphere Replication NFC traffic (i.e.      From   the VR server to the secondary host).      ***Since:*** vSphere API 6.0 - `management`: The VirtualNic is used for management network traffic .      This nicType is available only when the system does not   support service console adapters.      See also *HostNetCapabilities.usesServiceConsoleNic*. - `vsan`: The VirtualNic is used for Virtual SAN data traffic.      To enable or disable a VirtualNic for VSAN networking,   use *HostVsanSystem.UpdateVsan_Task*.      See also *HostVsanSystem*, *HostVsanSystem.UpdateVsan_Task*, *ComputeResource.ReconfigureComputeResource_Task*.      ***Since:*** vSphere API 5.5 - `vSphereProvisioning`: The VirtualNic is used for vSphere provisioning NFC traffic   (i.e.      the NFC traffic between ESX hosts as a part of a VC initiated   provisioning operations like cold-migrations, clones, storage vmotion   with snapshots etc.      ***Since:*** vSphere API 6.0 - `vsanWitness`: The VirtualNic is used for Virtual SAN witness traffic.      Witness traffic vmknic is required for Virtual SAN stretched cluster,   to help on communication between Virtual SAN data node and witness   node.   To enable or disable a VirtualNic for Virtual SAN networking,   use *HostVsanSystem.UpdateVsan_Task*.      See also *HostVsanSystem*, *HostVsanSystem.UpdateVsan_Task*.      ***Since:*** vSphere API 6.5 - `vSphereBackupNFC`: The VirtualNic is used for vSphere backup NFC traffic   (i.e.      the NFC traffic between backup appliance and ESX hosts).      ***Since:*** vSphere API 7.0 - `ptp`: The VirtualNic is used for Precision Time Protocol (PTP).      ***Since:*** vSphere API 7.0 - `vsanReplication`: The VirtualNic is used for vSAN Replication traffic.      This was part of an unreleased and removed feature, VSAN\\_DPRP, but must   remain as a placeholder value due to compatability breakages (see bug   2812528).      ***Since:*** vim disabled version - `nvmeTcp`: The VirtualNic is used for NVMe over TCP traffic.      ***Since:*** vSphere API 7.0.3.0 - `nvmeRdma`: The VirtualNic is used for NVMe over RDMA traffic.      ***Since:*** vSphere API 7.0.3.0  ***Since:*** vSphere API 4.0 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


