# IpPool

Specifications of the network configuration to be used on a network.  This is used to generate IP addresses and for self-customization of vApps.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 4.0 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **int** | Unique ID, generated by the server.  This is used to identify the pool in subsequent lookups or updates. The generated value is also returned by the *IpPoolManager.CreateIpPool* method.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 4.0  | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Pool name.  The pool name must be unique within the datacenter.  Any / (slash), \\\\ (backslash), character used in this name element is escaped. Similarly, any % (percent) character used in this name element is escaped, unless it is used to start an escape sequence. A slash is escaped as %2F or %2f. A backslash is escaped as %5C or %5c, and a percent is escaped as %25.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 4.0  | [optional] 
**ipv4_config** | [**IpPoolIpPoolConfigInfo**](IpPoolIpPoolConfigInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**ipv6_config** | [**IpPoolIpPoolConfigInfo**](IpPoolIpPoolConfigInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**dns_domain** | **str** | DNS Domain.  For example, vmware.com. This can be an empty string if no domain is configured.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 4.0  | [optional] 
**dns_search_path** | **str** | DNS Search Path.  For example, eng.vmware.com;vmware.com  ***Since:*** vSphere API 4.0  | [optional] 
**host_prefix** | **str** | Prefix for hostnames.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 4.0  | [optional] 
**http_proxy** | **str** | The HTTP proxy to use on this network, e.g., &amp;lt;host&amp;gt;:&amp;lt;port&amp;gt;  ***Since:*** vSphere API 4.0  | [optional] 
**network_association** | [**List[IpPoolAssociation]**](IpPoolAssociation.md) | The networks that are associated with this IP pool  ***Since:*** vSphere API 4.0  | [optional] 
**available_ipv4_addresses** | **int** | The number of IPv4 addresses available for allocation.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 5.1  | [optional] 
**available_ipv6_addresses** | **int** | The number of IPv6 addresses available for allocation.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 5.1  | [optional] 
**allocated_ipv4_addresses** | **int** | The number of allocated IPv4 addresses.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 5.1  | [optional] 
**allocated_ipv6_addresses** | **int** | The number of allocated IPv6 addresses.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 5.1  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from vmware_vi.models.ip_pool import IpPool

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of IpPool from a JSON string
ip_pool_instance = IpPool.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print IpPool.to_json()

# convert the object into a dict
ip_pool_dict = ip_pool_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of IpPool from a dict
ip_pool_form_dict = ip_pool.from_dict(ip_pool_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


