# LicenseManagerLicenseKeyEnum

Deprecated as of VI API 2.5, use *LicenseManager.QueryLicenseSourceAvailability* to obtain an array of *LicenseAvailabilityInfo* data objects.  Licensed features have unique keys to identify them.  Possible values: - `esxFull`: The edition license for the ESX Server, Standard edition.      This is a per   CPU package license. - `esxVmtn`: The edition license for the ESX server, VMTN edition.      This is a per CPU package   license. - `esxExpress`: The edition license for the ESX server, Starter edition.      This is a per CPU   package license. - `san`: Enable use of SAN.      This is a per CPU package license. - `iscsi`: Enable use of iSCSI.      This is a per CPU package license. - `nas`: Enable use of NAS.      This is a per CPU package license. - `vsmp`: Enable up to 4-way VSMP feature.      This is a per CPU package license. - `backup`: Enable ESX Server consolidated backup feature.      This is a per CPU package   license. - `vc`: The edition license for a VirtualCenter server, full edition.      This license   is independent of the number of CPU packages for the VirtualCenter host. - `vcExpress`: The edition license for a VirtualCenter server, starter edition.      This license   limits the number of hosts (esxHost or serverHost) that can be managed by the   VirtualCenter product.      ***Since:*** VI API 2.5 - `esxHost`: Enable VirtualCenter ESX Server host management functionality.      This is a per   ESX server CPU package license. - `gsxHost`: Enable VirtualCenter GSX Server host management functionality.      This is a per   GSX server CPU package license. - `serverHost`: Enable VirtualCenter VMware server host management functionality.      This is a per   VMware server CPU package license.      ***Since:*** VI API 2.5 - `drsPower`: Enable VirtualCenter DRS Power Management Functionality.      This is a per CPU package      ***Since:*** VI API 2.5 - `vmotion`: Enable VMotion.      This is a per ESX server CPU package license. - `drs`: Enable VirtualCenter Distributed Resource Scheduler.      This is a per ESX server   CPU package license. - `das`: Enable VirtualCenter HA.      This is a per ESX server CPU package license. 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


