# VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState

Runtime state of a virtual ethernet card device.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 4.1 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**vm_direct_path_gen2_active** | **bool** | Deprecated as of vSphere API 8.0. VMDirectPath Gen 2 is no longer supported and there is no replacement.  Flag to indicate whether VMDirectPath Gen 2 is active on this device.  If false, the reason(s) for inactivity will be provided in one or more of *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.vmDirectPathGen2InactiveReasonVm*, *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.vmDirectPathGen2InactiveReasonOther*, and *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.vmDirectPathGen2InactiveReasonExtended*.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 4.1  | [optional] 
**vm_direct_path_gen2_inactive_reason_vm** | **List[str]** | Deprecated as of vSphere API 8.0. VMDirectPath Gen 2 is no longer supported and there is no replacement.  If *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.vmDirectPathGen2Active* is false, this array will be populated with reasons for the inactivity that are related to virtual machine state or configuration (chosen from *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeStateVmDirectPathGen2InactiveReasonVm_enum*).  Other reasons for inactivity will be provided in *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.vmDirectPathGen2InactiveReasonOther*. If there is a reason for inactivity that cannot be described by the available constants, *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.vmDirectPathGen2InactiveReasonExtended* will be populated with an additional explanation provided by the platform.  Note that this list of reasons is not guaranteed to be exhaustive.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 4.1  | [optional] 
**vm_direct_path_gen2_inactive_reason_other** | **List[str]** | Deprecated as of vSphere API 8.0. VMDirectPath Gen 2 is no longer supported and there is no replacement.  If *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.vmDirectPathGen2Active* is false, this array will be populated with reasons for the inactivity that are not related to virtual machine state or configuration (chosen from *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeStateVmDirectPathGen2InactiveReasonOther_enum*).  Virtual machine related reasons for inactivity will be provided in *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.vmDirectPathGen2InactiveReasonVm*. If there is a reason for inactivity that cannot be described by the available constants, *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.vmDirectPathGen2InactiveReasonExtended* will be populated with an additional explanation provided by the platform.  Note that this list of reasons is not guaranteed to be exhaustive.  See also *HostCapability.vmDirectPathGen2Supported*.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 4.1  | [optional] 
**vm_direct_path_gen2_inactive_reason_extended** | **str** | Deprecated as of vSphere API 8.0. VMDirectPath Gen 2 is no longer supported and there is no replacement.  If *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.vmDirectPathGen2Active* is false, this property may contain an explanation provided by the platform, beyond the reasons (if any) enumerated in *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.vmDirectPathGen2InactiveReasonVm* and/or *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.vmDirectPathGen2InactiveReasonOther*.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 4.1  | [optional] 
**uptv2_active** | **bool** | Flag to indicate whether UPTv2(Uniform Pass-through version 2) is active on this device.  If true, the network adapter works in the pass-through mode. If false, the network adapter still has the network connectivity but works in emulated mode and pass-through is not enabled. The reason for inactivity is provided in *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.uptv2InactiveReasonVm* and/or *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.uptv2InactiveReasonOther*. This flag is unset if not applicable. It indicates network adapter is not a vmxnet3 adapter or *VirtualVmxnet3.uptv2Enabled* of it is not set to true.  | [optional] 
**uptv2_inactive_reason_vm** | **List[str]** | When *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.uptv2Active* is false, this field will be populated with reasons for the inactivity that are related to virtual machine state or configuration (chosen from *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeStateVmDirectPathGen2InactiveReasonVm_enum*).  Other reasons for inactivity will be provided in *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.uptv2InactiveReasonOther*. This field will be unset if *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.uptv2Active* is true or unset.  Note that this field of reasons is not guaranteed to be exhaustive.  | [optional] 
**uptv2_inactive_reason_other** | **List[str]** | When *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.uptv2Active* is false, this field will be populated with reasons for the inactivity that are not related to virtual machine state or configuration (chosen from *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeStateVmDirectPathGen2InactiveReasonOther_enum*).  Virtual machine related reasons for inactivity will be provided in *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.uptv2InactiveReasonVm*. This field will be unset if *VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.uptv2Active* is true or unset.  Note that this field of reasons is not guaranteed to be exhaustive.  | [optional] 
**reservation_status** | **str** | The status indicating whether network reservation requirement is violated or not on the virtual network adapter.  See *ManagedEntityStatus_enum* for possible values.  *red* indicates that reservation specified on the virtual network adapter is not being fulfilled. This can happen if the reservation requested is greater than the available capacity reserved for virtual machine traffic on the host.  *green* indicates that the reservation specified on the virtual network adapter is being fulfilled.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 5.5  | [optional] 
**attachment_status** | **str** | The status indicating the state of virtual network adapter&#39;s attachment to an opaque network.  See *ManagedEntityStatus_enum* for possible values.  *red* indicates that the network adapter is not yet successfully attached to opaque network. This can happen if corresponding attachment port is missing in the kernel.  *green* indicates that the network adapater is successfully attached to opaque network.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 6.7  | [optional] 
**feature_requirement** | [**List[VirtualMachineFeatureRequirement]**](VirtualMachineFeatureRequirement.md) | These network adapter requirements must have equivalent capabilities on the virtual switch in order to power on or migrate to the host.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 6.7  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from vmware_vi.models.virtual_machine_device_runtime_info_virtual_ethernet_card_runtime_state import VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState from a JSON string
virtual_machine_device_runtime_info_virtual_ethernet_card_runtime_state_instance = VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState.to_json()

# convert the object into a dict
virtual_machine_device_runtime_info_virtual_ethernet_card_runtime_state_dict = virtual_machine_device_runtime_info_virtual_ethernet_card_runtime_state_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of VirtualMachineDeviceRuntimeInfoVirtualEthernetCardRuntimeState from a dict
virtual_machine_device_runtime_info_virtual_ethernet_card_runtime_state_form_dict = virtual_machine_device_runtime_info_virtual_ethernet_card_runtime_state.from_dict(virtual_machine_device_runtime_info_virtual_ethernet_card_runtime_state_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


