# VsanClusterConfigInfoHostDefaultInfo

Default VSAN service configuration to be used for hosts admitted to the cluster.  See also *VsanClusterConfigInfo.defaultConfig*.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 5.5 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**uuid** | **str** | VSAN service cluster UUID, in the string form \&quot;nnnnnnnn-nnnn-nnnn-nnnn-nnnnnnnnnnnn\&quot;, where n are hexadecimal digits.  When enabling the VSAN service on the cluster, this value shall not be specified by the user; a suitable UUID will be generated by the platform. While the VSAN service is enabled, this is a read-only value.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 5.5  | [optional] 
**auto_claim_storage** | **bool** | Deprecated as this configuration will be deprecated, autoclaim will be no longer supported.  Whether the VSAN service is configured to automatically claim local storage on VSAN-enabled hosts in the cluster.  If omitted while enabling the VSAN service, this value will default to &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt;. Changing this value to &lt;code&gt;false&lt;/code&gt; shall not affect any existing disk mappings in use by hosts currently participating in the VSAN service. Changing this value to &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt; will result in local disks being automatically claimed for use by the VSAN service, for hosts currently participating in the VSAN service.  See also *VsanHostConfigInfoStorageInfo.diskMapping*, *VsanHostConfigInfoStorageInfo.autoClaimStorage*.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 5.5  | [optional] 
**checksum_enabled** | **bool** | Whether the VSAN service is configured to enforce checksum protection.  If omitted while enabling the VSAN service, this value will default to &lt;code&gt;false&lt;code&gt;. Change this value to &lt;code&gt;false&lt;/code&gt; shall not affect any existing disk status. Changing this value to &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt; shall do disk enforcement check that all VSAN disks are checksum enabled.  ***Since:*** vSphere API 6.0  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from vmware_vi.models.vsan_cluster_config_info_host_default_info import VsanClusterConfigInfoHostDefaultInfo

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of VsanClusterConfigInfoHostDefaultInfo from a JSON string
vsan_cluster_config_info_host_default_info_instance = VsanClusterConfigInfoHostDefaultInfo.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print VsanClusterConfigInfoHostDefaultInfo.to_json()

# convert the object into a dict
vsan_cluster_config_info_host_default_info_dict = vsan_cluster_config_info_host_default_info_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of VsanClusterConfigInfoHostDefaultInfo from a dict
vsan_cluster_config_info_host_default_info_form_dict = vsan_cluster_config_info_host_default_info.from_dict(vsan_cluster_config_info_host_default_info_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


